UNIVERSAL_PROXY_CONFIG env variable (#83)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-env-variables.mdx

| `UNIVERSAL_PROXY_CONFIG_URL`                            | Config URL for universal proxy. Implemented in [#12442](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12442).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Version: v8.1.0\+ <br />Default: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blockscout/backend-configs/refs/heads/main/universal-proxy-config.json` <br />Applications: API                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `UNIVERSAL_PROXY_CONFIG`.                               | Config JSON as a string for universal proxy. Implemented in [#13787](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13787).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Version: master <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: nitpicky:

```suggestion
| `UNIVERSAL_PROXY_CONFIG`.                               | JSON-encoded configuration string used to define settings for the universal proxy. Implemented in [#13787](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13787).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Version: master <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
